[Applause]
oh we have so much to get to on yet a
another day of drama and international
intrigue here in the United States the
scandals are multiplying the wheels are
coming off the wagon I would say the
president is starting to unravel but
that would imply he was raveled in the
first place I think he might be smoking
black-market vapes that might be there
Trump tweeted and retweeted more than a
hundred times this weekend since Friday
the president has retreated 130 times at
County these are a sweet and he's
playing all the hits he called this the
greatest witch hunt in the history of
our country even as witch hunts are the
greatest in the history hero if that
perfect phone call with the president of
Ukraine isn't considered appropriate
that no future president can ever again
speak to another foreign leader right
all overseas phone calls will be
disallowed here fourth it was a perfect
conversation with Ukraine president and
who is he quoting here of course that's
right he's quoting himself again the
president of Ukraine said there was no
zero pressure put on him by me
case closed that's right the manager of
the bank did not feel threatened when I
came in to rob the place at all and his
his next illegal act by the way will be
going after the whistleblower which look
at this fake whistleblower that's the
whistle he blew was fake
I bet he's looking all over the White
House for a guy with a whistle in his
mouth right now
he's losing what little was left of his
mind he even retweeted a comedy Twitter
account called Trump but about sharks is
an account that takes his tweets and
makes them about sharks so he retweeted
it
he's so rattled over lunch today aides
say he ate a bucket of adderall and
snorted his fried chicken which is this
idea that he wants to meet the you know
he wants to meet the whistleblower
actually the quote was I deserve to meet
my accuser that to me is an indication
that maybe he isn't entirely clear on
how whistleblowing works
usually when Trump thinks he deserves to
meet someone he just barges into her
dressing room and says welcome to the
Miss Universe pageant but I know he
won't but he'd better be careful with
this whistle blower stuff it is quite
clearly both illegal and unethical to
target a government whistleblower
they're protected by law but this dope
not only does he do it he puts it in
writing he writes I want to meet not
only my accuser who presented second and
third-hand information but also the
person who illegally gave this
information which was largely incorrect
to the whistleblower was this person
spying on the US president big
consequences that doesn't read like a
threat does it it's Trump could be the
first American president to get
impeached by a whistle blow this could
be
[Music]
according to a new poll a majority of
Americans 55% say they support an
impeachment inquiry that means some
Republicans are for - but Trump and what
felt like a very desperate move posted a
video to Twitter as if he can't get on
the news to tell his supporters that he
has no intention of going anywhere
anytime soon what's going on now is the
single greatest scam in the history of
American politics the Democrats want to
take away your guns they want to take
away your healthcare they want to take
away your votes they want to take away
your freedom they want to take away your
judges they want to take away everything
back tomorrow I'll go you go so there's
so much going on but one of the major
details in this whistleblower report was
that officials in the White House were
so alarmed by Trump's call with Ukraine
they moved records of the call to a
special top-secret server and according
to the whistleblower that wasn't the
only time they've done this the White
House reportedly restricted access to
records of trumps calls with Vladimir
Putin the crown prince of Saudi Arabia
and even the Prime Minister of Australia
Trump tried to get the Prime Minister of
Australia to dig up dirt on the Muller
investigation so this thing is blooming
like an onion right at this point it
might be easier just to list the names
of foreign leaders he hasn't tried to
extort because what could Trump threaten
or withhold from Australia the
Hemsworth's I don't I'm sorry but we're
keeping Liam until we figure out what
the hell is going on and if Trump had
been putting all his calls in this
special classified server or system or
whatever that would be one thing they
only put a few in so you know those were
the bad ones this is like putting
magazines under your mattress
there's no Popular Mechanics under there
it's it's porn okay and if your mom
finds it you're in a lot of trouble The
Washington Post also spoke to a White
House official who explained what Trump
was telling these Russian diplomats back
in 2017 you remember this one so and it
Trump supposedly told them he wasn't
concerned that they interfered in our
election because the US does it to other
countries all the time and you
the expressions on their faces they
can't believe their good fortune you're
like oh my god this guy might give us
Alaska back if we ask him nicely so
Russia weighed in on all this today a
spokesman for Putin said if the White
House wants to release any transcripts
of calls between Putin a Trump they have
to get Russian permission first that's
right and daddy Vlad he's not going to
be happy if with little ding dong if he
doesn't get the okay before he publishes
them this is so Chris in this crazy
Guillermo very crazy yes I Trump also
suggested that Adam Schiff who runs the
House Intelligence Committee be arrested
for treason he suggested that today for
daring to look into all these stupid and
illegal things he allegedly did and
still most every prominent Republican is
sticking with Trump none of these guys
were on the phone nor them but they're
all 100% sure he did nothing wrong
they've 100% believe there is no need to
look into one iota of this shocking it
really is and I want to read a quote
today that I saw last night I want to
share it on the subject of Donald Trump
and it goes like this the man is a
pathological liar he doesn't know the
difference between truth and lies he
lies with practically every word that
comes out of his mouth and he has a
pattern that I think is straight out of
a psychology textbook his response is to
accuse everybody else of lying whenever
he does he accuses everyone else of
doing the man cannot tell the truth but
he combines it with being a narcissist a
narcissist at a level I don't think this
country has ever seen
everything in Donald's world is about
Donald and he combines being a
pathological liar and I say pathological
because I actually think Donald if you
hooked him up to a lie-detector test he
could say one thing in the morning one
thing at noon one thing in the evening
all contradictory and he passed the lie
detector test each time whatever lie
he's telling at that minute he believes
it but the man is utterly a he
you want to know me who said that any
guesses those are the words of none
other than Republican senator Ted Cruz
back in 2016 and where is that guy now
how can it all be different come on Ted
fire that cruise missile again we need
ted cruz has been pretty quiet
throughout this but the president's
henchmen and woman were out in full
force this weekend defending their boss
baby with everything they've got
mala wasn't a witch-hunt but this is
Salem witch trials have more due process
in this you know she's a witch somebody
told me she's witch what do you think
articles thinking she might be a witch
guess what daddy comes running to the
rescue the Vice President I state what
happ that's not what happened this is a
deep state operative pure and simple if
I were the speaker I wouldn't want to go
on and next year's election having
incredibly said that all you did for the
whole Congress was harrassed the
president and try to remove him from all
a couple hours later she does the worst
thing the woman in power can do is just
he just changes her mind because the men
around her said change your mind we need
an impeachment what do you make of this
exchange president Solinsky says we are
almost ready to buy more javelins from
the United States for defense purposes
and president Trump replies I would like
you to do us a favor though you just
added another word no I like you a favor
though yes it's in the it's when I
transfer when I read the transcript
president's key brings up a javelin is a
protection for anti-tank something that
President Obama would not sell that
president Trump did to protect Ukraine
right because he cares about the Ukraine
very very deeply he couldn't find
Ukraine on a map not a chance I would
bet a hundred and fifty thousand dollars
you could give him three weeks to study
it and he wouldn't be able to find
Ukraine one person who is not defending
Trump this weekend was Robert De Niro
who is you know usually Robert De Niro
is very private guy but when it comes to
Trump and his friends at Fox News the
Raging Bull comes out this guy is should
not be president period and when you say
that folks on Fox come after you I
remember the Tonys when he got up there
and cursed through his lawyer Rudy
Giuliani has continued to explain his
involvement in Ukraine
Giuliani claims he was asked by the
State Department to investigate hunter
Biden and Joe Biden even though the
State Department says that didn't happen
team Biden responded by sending a letter
to all the news networks asking him not
to book Giuliani on their shows anymore
which I disagree I urge them the book
Judea Giuliani on their shows as much as
possible I have a show to do too and I
need him okay as an alternative to
Giuliani Biden's team is recommending
that they feed a bag of meth to a goat
instead and interview that but the Trump
campaign is smart their strategy is to
make the president look sane by allowing
Giuliani to speak as much as possible on
every news show all the time this is
from this weekend alone I'm glad to see
you have the courage to have me on and
wait you're dangerous the reason they
want me to be silenced is not because
I'm on edge it's because I've got facts
I mean the poor kid is is challenged you
know that I mean it's a shame I don't
know that mr. mayor how was your meeting
with Andre do you have time for a call
best Kurt I should be a whistleblower
there's just so much it is damaging it's
gonna hurt the country yes I agree very
sad
he's coming up right now are you gonna
have a faster time you're gonna
interrupt him as well to the answer of
me
I gave him plenty of chance to know
let's see let's see let's see how the
interview goes hi nice to see you
Thanks because she has to think we have
to change why thank you mr. mayor
[Music]
the president has two hundred lawyers
that's the one he picks to be on TV so
Rudy was subpoenaed by three House
committees this afternoon in relation to
this is all coming to a head a very very
unhinged hand meanwhile and I'm sure
this is no coincidence
as the president faces a scandal
involving the use of a separate server
to hide records of his phone calls his
State Department is ramping up an
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
emails remember that one that's what
he's focused on this is I give oj
halfway through the trial demanded an
investigation of Franco Harris he was a
football player never mind me mom there
is a Monday night I know the NFL fans
were elsewhere there's good news for
those of you who would like to escape
the planet which is a lot of people
right now
Elon Musk this weekend you know the
Tesla guy Elon Musk unveiled his plan to
fly private citizens to the moon and
this is a rocket which is a little bit
phallic yes
I hope Mike Pence doesn't see this
because he will send the space force in
to blow it up but Elon Musk said this is
gonna sound totally nuts but I think we
want to try to reach orbital X and Sigma
let me tell you the words this is going
to sound totally nuts probably the last
words I want to hear before traveling
into space imagine you heard that on a
plane this guy's got totally nuts
must plans to send to a Japanese
billionaire around the moon sometime in
the not-too-distant future and I'll tell
you something
shooting billionaires into space best
idea I've heard in quite some time
I hope we get to pick which one this is
a palate cleanser for you tonight this
is a video has been making the rounds of
a teenage drummer from Gilbert Arizona
which is part of Phoenix young man named
Allen who displayed a creativity and
passion rarely seen in high school band
[Music]
laughter I want to make I have an
announcement
we found the kid and he'll be sitting in
with our band tomorrow night
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed